1)A single host can be part of multiple groups. In such cases, host variables
from both the groups will get merged, and the precedence rules apply.
We will discuss variables and precedence in detail later.
2)Each action in a task list can be declared by specifying the following:
• The name of the module
• Optionally, the state of the system component being managed
• The optional parameters
3)Modules are the encapsulated procedures that are responsible for managing specific
system components on specific platforms.
ex: 
• The apt module for Debian and the yum module for RedHat helps manage system packages
• The user module is responsible for adding, removing, or modifying users on the system
• The service module will start/stop system services
NOTE: 
The Command and Shell modules are special ones. They
neither take key-value pairs as parameters, nor are idempotent


4)The modules and idempotence
-------------------------------
Idempotence is an important characteristic of a module. It is something which can be
applied on your system multiple times, and will return deterministic results. It has
built-in intelligence. For instance, we have a task that uses the apt module to install
Nginx and ensure that it's up to date. Here is what happens if you run it multiple times:

• Every time idempotance is run multiple times, the apt module will compare
what has been declared in the playbook versus the current state of that
package on the system. The first time it runs, Ansible will determine that
Nginx is not installed, and will go ahead with the installation.

• For every consequent run, it will skip the installation part, unless there is
a new version of the package available in the upstream repositories.
This allows executing the same task multiple times without resulting in the error
state. Most of the Ansible modules are idempotent, except for the command and
shell modules. Users will have to make these modules idempotent.

5)What if a host is unresponsive, or fails to run tasks? Ansible
has built-in intelligence, which will identify such issues
and take the failed host out of rotation. It will not affect the
execution on other hosts.

6)You can find facts about any system by running the following command followed by
a shortened output:
$ ansible -i customhosts www -m setup | less